Achievement

Players can constantly practice their skills while playing the game. Improvement in technology brings a sense of accomplishment. At the same time, players will gain a sense of accomplishment after defeating AI or real players. These senses of accomplishment are similar to those of us playing other games and winning. At the same time, the game uses more eye-catching output prompts in the design to inform players that they have won. We used ASCII Art to output "Game Over" prominently and inform the winning players. This output method is very impactful and will make the winning player feel very fulfilled.

Stimulation

Playing nine men's morris is very exciting for players who like a challenge. Because this game is not common, most people should be exposed to it for the first time. They will love to know and learn the game. Our advanced features in this project involve both human players and AI players. Players can challenge real people and AI, which will bring a different sense of excitement. Because we can design AI to be challenging. At this time, players will feel very exciting, which is the difficulty of the game they hope to achieve. At the same time, if two real players with the same ability are playing. Then the game between them will also become very exciting.

Self-Direction

During the game, players need to independently think about how to move each piece, formulate a strategy to form a mill, and make every decision, which can realize the value of self-direction. Specifically, players need to manually operate each step during the game. We will not give hints about game solutions. This means that the player needs to think about his actions alone. This gives the player full freedom.

Universalism

Throughout the game, the same rules apply to both human and AI players. This means the game is absolutely fair. At the same time, from the relevant proof of the 9MM game. The expected win rate is the same throughout the game, which means it's a very fair game. And fairness is precisely part of universalism.

Security

Our game does not require networking, and it only uses the basic Terminal for output. This means that players don't have to worry about problems with their computers due to abnormal game crashes (we have avoided all situations that may cause game crashes). At the same time, because the game does not need to be connected to the Internet, it can be played normally. This means players don't have to worry about any network at all. Players are unlikely to encounter any scams or privacy issues, which is extremely attractive to security-conscious players.

